docs(props): add mutable:true examples for arrays, obj (#914)
ionic-team/stencil-site: src/docs/components/properties.md

}
```

#### Mutable Arrays and Objects

Stencil compares Props by reference in order to efficiently rerender components.

> Setting `mutable: true` on a Prop that is an object or array allows the _reference_ to the Prop to change inside the component and trigger a render.
> It does not allow a mutable change to an existing object or array to trigger a render. 

Reviewer: Possible wording suggestion that may flow a bit more smoothly?

```suggestion
Setting `mutable: true` on a Prop that is an object or array will cause Stencil to trigger a re-render whenever the _reference_ to the Prop changes inside the component.
However, mutating an existing object in-place will not trigger a re-render, since the reference to that object will not change. A common
pattern for forcing a re-render in this situation is to create a new array or object instead of mutating the existing instance in place.
```

Reviewer: Also a general question here, I think using a compare-by-reference check w/ `==` or `===` and rendering only when there's a new object (thereby avoiding any deep equality checks or anything silly like that) is a pretty common pattern in JS, are there any good explanatory articles we could link out to that break this down well? I checked MDN and didn't find a great explanation of compare-by-reference vs compare-by-value. Maybe we can assume a Stencil reader already knows this?

Reviewer: cool, that all sounds fine to me, especially since I didn't find something that did a great job breaking it down with a little googling

Author: 👍 anything else you want to see here in that case? (PR is still marked as 'Changes Requested')

         
         // this.contents.push('Stencil')
         
         // this does create a new array, and therefore a
         // new reference to the Prop. Stencil will pick up
         // this change and rerender
         this.contents = [...this.contents, 'Stencil'];
         // after 3 seconds, the component will re-render due
         // to the reference change in `this.contents`
      }, 3000);
   }

   disconnectedCallback() {
      if (this.timer) {
         clearTimeout(this.timer);
      }
   }

   render() {
      return <div>Hello, World! I'm {this.contents[0]}</div>;
   }
}
```

In the example above, updating the Prop in place using `this.contents.push('Stencil')` would have no effect.
Stencil does not see the change to `this.contents`, since it looks at the _reference_ of the Prop, and sees that it has not changed.
This is done for performance reasons.
If Stencil had to walk every slot of the array to determine if it changed, it would incur a performance hit.
Rather, it is considered better for performance and more idiomatic to re-assign the Prop (in the example above, we use the spread operator).

The same holds for objects as well.

> Objects should be updated using the spread operator in order to create a new reference and trigger a render:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than mutating an existing object in-place, a new object should be created using the spread operator. This object will be different-by-reference and therefore will trigger a re-render:  

```
